packages/@react-aria/meter/docs/useMeter.mdx, before:

<!-- Copyright 2020 Adobe. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy
of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and limitations under the License. -->

import {Layout} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
export default Layout;

import docs from 'docs:@react-aria/meter';
import {HeaderInfo, FunctionAPI, TypeContext, InterfaceType} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
import packageData from '../package.json';

```jsx import
import {useMeter} from '@react-aria/meter';
```

# useMeter

<p>{docs.exports.useMeter.description}</p>

<HeaderInfo
  packageData={packageData}
  componentNames={['useMeter']}
  sourceData={[
    {type: 'W3C', url: 'https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#meter'}
  ]} />

## API

<FunctionAPI function={docs.exports.useMeter} links={docs.links} />

## Anatomy

Meters consist of a track element showing the full value in a range, 
a bar element showing the current value, and a label. The track and bar elements 
represent the value visually, while a wrapper element represents the meter to 
assistive technology using the [meter](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#meter)
ARIA role.

Meters are similar to progress bars, but represent a quantity as opposed to progress over time.
See the [useProgressBar](useProgressBar.html) hook for more details about progress bars.

`useMeter` returns two sets of props that you should spread onto the appropriate element:

<TypeContext.Provider value={docs.links}>
  <InterfaceType properties={docs.links[docs.exports.useMeter.return.id].properties} />
</TypeContext.Provider>

If there is no visual label, an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` prop must be passed instead 
to identify the element to screen readers.

## Example

```tsx example
function Meter(props) {
  let {
    label,
    showValueLabel = !!label,
    value,
    minValue = 0,
    maxValue = 100
  } = props;
  let {
    meterProps,
    labelProps
  } = useMeter(props);

  // Calculate the width of the progress bar as a percentage
  let percentage = (value - minValue) / (maxValue - minValue);
  let barWidth = `${Math.round(percentage * 100)}%`;

  return (
    <div {...meterProps} style={{width: 200}}>
      <div style={{display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'space-between'}}>
        {label &&
          <span {...labelProps}>
            {label}
          </span>
        }
        {showValueLabel &&
          <span>
            {meterProps['aria-valuetext']}
          </span>
        }
      </div>
      <div style={{height: 10, background: 'gray'}}>
        <div style={{width: barWidth, height: 10, background: 'green'}} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}

<Meter
  label="Storage space"
  value={250}
  maxValue={1000} />
```

## Internationalization

### Value formatting

`useMeter` will handle localized formatting of the value label for accessibility
automatically. This is returned in the `aria-valuetext` prop in `meterProps`. You 
can use this to create a visible label if needed and ensure that it is formatted correctly. 
The number formatting can also be controlled using the `formatOptions` prop.

### RTL

In right-to-left languages, the meter should be mirrored. The label is right-aligned, 
the value is left-aligned, and the fill progresses from right to left. Ensure that your CSS
accounts for this.

Commit message:

Add features section to each page to describe what the ARIA hooks handle

packages/@react-aria/meter/docs/useMeter.mdx, after:

<!-- Copyright 2020 Adobe. All rights reserved.
This file is licensed to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy
of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and limitations under the License. -->

import {Layout} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
export default Layout;

import docs from 'docs:@react-aria/meter';
import {HeaderInfo, FunctionAPI, TypeContext, InterfaceType} from '@react-spectrum/docs';
import packageData from '../package.json';

```jsx import
import {useMeter} from '@react-aria/meter';
```

# useMeter

<p>{docs.exports.useMeter.description}</p>

<HeaderInfo
  packageData={packageData}
  componentNames={['useMeter']}
  sourceData={[
    {type: 'W3C', url: 'https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#meter'}
  ]} />

## API

<FunctionAPI function={docs.exports.useMeter} links={docs.links} />

## Features

The [&lt;meter&gt;](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meter)
HTML element can be used to build a meter, however it is
very difficult to style cross browser. `useMeter` helps achieve accessible 
meters that can be styled as needed.

Meters are similar to progress bars, but represent a quantity as opposed to progress over time.
See the [useProgressBar](useProgressBar.html) hook for more details about progress bars.

* Exposed to assistive technology as a `meter` via ARIA, with fallback to `progressbar` where unsupported
* Labeling support for accessibility
* Internationalized number formatting as a percentage or value

## Anatomy

Meters consist of a track element showing the full value in a range, 
a bar element showing the current value, and a label. The track and bar elements 
represent the value visually, while a wrapper element represents the meter to 
assistive technology using the [meter](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#meter)
ARIA role.

`useMeter` returns two sets of props that you should spread onto the appropriate element:

<TypeContext.Provider value={docs.links}>
  <InterfaceType properties={docs.links[docs.exports.useMeter.return.id].properties} />
</TypeContext.Provider>

If there is no visual label, an `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` prop must be passed instead 
to identify the element to screen readers.

## Example

```tsx example
function Meter(props) {
  let {
    label,
    showValueLabel = !!label,
    value,
    minValue = 0,
    maxValue = 100
  } = props;
  let {
    meterProps,
    labelProps
  } = useMeter(props);

  // Calculate the width of the progress bar as a percentage
  let percentage = (value - minValue) / (maxValue - minValue);
  let barWidth = `${Math.round(percentage * 100)}%`;

  return (
    <div {...meterProps} style={{width: 200}}>
      <div style={{display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'space-between'}}>
        {label &&
          <span {...labelProps}>
            {label}
          </span>
        }
        {showValueLabel &&
          <span>
            {meterProps['aria-valuetext']}
          </span>
        }
      </div>
      <div style={{height: 10, background: 'gray'}}>
        <div style={{width: barWidth, height: 10, background: 'green'}} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}

<Meter
  label="Storage space"
  value={250}
  maxValue={1000} />
```

## Internationalization

### Value formatting

`useMeter` will handle localized formatting of the value label for accessibility
automatically. This is returned in the `aria-valuetext` prop in `meterProps`. You 
can use this to create a visible label if needed and ensure that it is formatted correctly. 
The number formatting can also be controlled using the `formatOptions` prop.

### RTL

In right-to-left languages, the meter should be mirrored. The label is right-aligned, 
the value is left-aligned, and the fill progresses from right to left. Ensure that your CSS
accounts for this.
