documentation/content/components/ComboBox.mdx, before:

import Bell from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Bell';
import ComboBox from '@react/react-spectrum/ComboBox';
import FieldLabel from '@react/react-spectrum/FieldLabel';
import Heading from '@react/react-spectrum/Heading';
import Seat from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Seat';
import Send from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Send';
import Stop from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Stop';
import Trap from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Trap';

## Overview

**ComboBox** combines a text entry with a dropdown menu, allowing users to filter longer lists to only the selections matching a query.

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-0">Example</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  id="combobox-0"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-0">Example</label>
<ComboBox
  id="combobox-0"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-1">Invalid</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  invalid
  id="combobox-1"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-1">Invalid</label>
<ComboBox
  invalid
  id="combobox-1"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-2">Disabled</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  disabled
  id="combobox-2"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-2">Disabled</label>
<ComboBox
  disabled
  id="combobox-2"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-3">Quiet</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  quiet
  id="combobox-3"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-3">Quiet</label>
<ComboBox
  quiet
  id="combobox-3"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-4">Quiet Invalid</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  quiet
  invalid
  id="combobox-4"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-4">Quiet Invalid</label>
<ComboBox
  quiet
  invalid
  id="combobox-4"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-5">Quiet Disabled</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  quiet
  disabled
  id="combobox-5"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-5">Quiet Disabled</label>
<ComboBox
  quiet
  disabled
  id="combobox-5"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-6">Key Value Pairs</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  id="combobox-6"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-6">Key Value Pairs</label>
<ComboBox
  id="combobox-6"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-7">With Icons</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  id="combobox-7"
  placeholder="Icon"
  options={[
    {label: 'Bell', icon: <Bell />},
    {label: 'Stop', icon: <Stop />},
    {label: 'Trap', icon: <Trap />},
    {label: 'Send', icon: <Send />},
    {label: 'Seat', icon: <Seat />}
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-7">With Icons</label>
<ComboBox
  id="combobox-7"
  placeholder="Icon"
  options={[
    {label: 'Bell', icon: <Bell />},
    {label: 'Stop', icon: <Stop />},
    {label: 'Trap', icon: <Trap />},
    {label: 'Send', icon: <Send />},
    {label: 'Seat', icon: <Seat />}
  ]} />
```
## Events

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-8">onChange</label></Heading>

The onChange callback executes whenever the value of the text entry changes.

<ComboBox
  onChange={val => console.log('value changed: ' + val)}
  id="combobox-8"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-8">onChange</label>
<ComboBox
  onChange={val => console.log('value changed: ' + val)}
  id="combobox-8"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-9">onSelect</label></Heading>

The onSelect callback executes whenever an item is selected within the drop down.

<ComboBox
  onSelect={obj => alert(`item selected:\n  {\n    label: "${obj.label}",\n    value: "${obj.value}"\n}`)}
  id="combobox-9"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />


```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-8">onSelect</label>
<ComboBox
  onSelect={obj => alert(`item selected:\n  {\n    label: "${obj.label}",\n    value: "${obj.value}"\n}`)}
  id="combobox-9"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />
```

## Accessibility

### WAI-ARIA Design Pattern

The ComboBox component implements the ComboBox design pattern, per [WAI-ARIA 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#combobox).

### Labelling

An ComboBox component must be labelled for Accessibility using a FieldLabel, or either the `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute.

#### Implicit labelling
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors">
    <ComboBox
      placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
      options={[
        'Chocolate',
        'Vanilla',
        'Strawberry',
        'Caramel',
        'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
        'Cookies and Cream',
        'Coconut',
        'Peppermint'
      ]} />
  </FieldLabel>

```jsx
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors">
    <ComboBox
      placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
      options={[
        'Chocolate',
        'Vanilla',
        'Strawberry',
        'Caramel',
        'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
        'Cookies and Cream',
        'Coconut',
        'Peppermint'
      ]} />
  </FieldLabel>
```
#### Explicit labelling
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors" labelFor="combobox-id" />
  <ComboBox
    id="combobox-id"
    placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
    options={[
      'Chocolate',
      'Vanilla',
      'Strawberry',
      'Caramel',
      'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
      'Cookies and Cream',
      'Coconut',
      'Peppermint'
    ]} />

```jsx
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors" labelFor="combobox-id" />
  <ComboBox
    id="combobox-id"
    placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
    options={[
      'Chocolate',
      'Vanilla',
      'Strawberry',
      'Caramel',
      'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
      'Cookies and Cream',
      'Coconut',
      'Peppermint'
    ]} />
```

Commit message:

[RSP-736] Add renderItem prop for custom menu item rendering for Autocomplete, ComboBox, SelectList, and Select (#488)
* RSP-736 [Accessibility] Autocomplete/Combobox: Throws error when label is HTML or React

A use case for a ComboBox from which to select a time duration, like “08:00” for “8 hours”. The challenge with this, from an accessibility standpoint, is to ensure that a screen reader announces the value as a duration, rather than as a time value like “8 o’clock”. The theoretically appropriate HTML element for this purpose is the <time> element using a valid ISO 8601 Duration as the datetime attribute. (I say theoretically, because assistive technology support for the <time> element does little more than announce the <time> element’s text content at this point, so adding an aria-label to the element is also necessary).

Fix by adding `renderItem` prop to specify a wrapper method for rendering the item label.

documentation/content/components/ComboBox.mdx, after:

import Bell from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Bell';
import ComboBox from '@react/react-spectrum/ComboBox';
import FieldLabel from '@react/react-spectrum/FieldLabel';
import Heading from '@react/react-spectrum/Heading';
import Seat from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Seat';
import Send from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Send';
import Stop from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Stop';
import Trap from '@react/react-spectrum/Icon/Trap';

## Overview

**ComboBox** combines a text entry with a dropdown menu, allowing users to filter longer lists to only the selections matching a query.

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-0">Example</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  id="combobox-0"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-0">Example</label>
<ComboBox
  id="combobox-0"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-1">Invalid</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  invalid
  id="combobox-1"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-1">Invalid</label>
<ComboBox
  invalid
  id="combobox-1"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-2">Disabled</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  disabled
  id="combobox-2"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-2">Disabled</label>
<ComboBox
  disabled
  id="combobox-2"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-3">Quiet</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  quiet
  id="combobox-3"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-3">Quiet</label>
<ComboBox
  quiet
  id="combobox-3"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-4">Quiet Invalid</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  quiet
  invalid
  id="combobox-4"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-4">Quiet Invalid</label>
<ComboBox
  quiet
  invalid
  id="combobox-4"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-5">Quiet Disabled</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  quiet
  disabled
  id="combobox-5"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-5">Quiet Disabled</label>
<ComboBox
  quiet
  disabled
  id="combobox-5"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    'Chocolate',
    'Vanilla',
    'Strawberry',
    'Caramel',
    'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
    'Cookies and Cream',
    'Coconut',
    'Peppermint'
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-6">Key Value Pairs</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  id="combobox-6"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-6">Key Value Pairs</label>
<ComboBox
  id="combobox-6"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-7">With Icons</label></Heading>

<ComboBox
  id="combobox-7"
  placeholder="Icon"
  options={[
    {label: 'Bell', icon: <Bell />},
    {label: 'Stop', icon: <Stop />},
    {label: 'Trap', icon: <Trap />},
    {label: 'Send', icon: <Send />},
    {label: 'Seat', icon: <Seat />}
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-7">With Icons</label>
<ComboBox
  id="combobox-7"
  placeholder="Icon"
  options={[
    {label: 'Bell', icon: <Bell />},
    {label: 'Stop', icon: <Stop />},
    {label: 'Trap', icon: <Trap />},
    {label: 'Send', icon: <Send />},
    {label: 'Seat', icon: <Seat />}
  ]} />
```
## Events

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-8">onChange</label></Heading>

The onChange callback executes whenever the value of the text entry changes.

<ComboBox
  onChange={val => console.log('value changed: ' + val)}
  id="combobox-8"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />

```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-8">onChange</label>
<ComboBox
  onChange={val => console.log('value changed: ' + val)}
  id="combobox-8"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />
```

<Heading size={3}><label htmlFor="combobox-9">onSelect</label></Heading>

The onSelect callback executes whenever an item is selected within the drop down.

<ComboBox
  onSelect={obj => alert(`item selected:\n  {\n    label: "${obj.label}",\n    value: "${obj.value}"\n}`)}
  id="combobox-9"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />


```jsx
<label htmlFor="combobox-8">onSelect</label>
<ComboBox
  onSelect={obj => alert(`item selected:\n  {\n    label: "${obj.label}",\n    value: "${obj.value}"\n}`)}
  id="combobox-9"
  placeholder="Ice Cream Flavors"
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate', value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla', value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry', value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Caramel', value: 'caramel'},
    {label: 'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough', value: 'chocolate chip cookie dough'},
    {label: 'Cookies and Cream', value: 'cookies and cream'},
    {label: 'Coconut', value: 'coconut'},
    {label: 'Peppermint', value: 'peppermint'}
  ]} />
```

### renderItem

You can use the `renderItem` prop to customize the rendering of the items displayed in the dropdown.
This is useful in case custom props are needed for styling or accessibility, or using a semantic
element for the type of data being displayed (e.g. `<time>`).

```jsx
<ComboBox
  {/* ... */}
  renderItem={item => <time {/* ... */}>{item}</time>} />
```

## Accessibility

### WAI-ARIA Design Pattern

The ComboBox component implements the ComboBox design pattern, per [WAI-ARIA 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices/#combobox).

### Labelling

An ComboBox component must be labelled for Accessibility using a FieldLabel, or either the `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` attribute.

#### Implicit labelling
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors">
    <ComboBox
      placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
      options={[
        'Chocolate',
        'Vanilla',
        'Strawberry',
        'Caramel',
        'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
        'Cookies and Cream',
        'Coconut',
        'Peppermint'
      ]} />
  </FieldLabel>

```jsx
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors">
    <ComboBox
      placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
      options={[
        'Chocolate',
        'Vanilla',
        'Strawberry',
        'Caramel',
        'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
        'Cookies and Cream',
        'Coconut',
        'Peppermint'
      ]} />
  </FieldLabel>
```
#### Explicit labelling
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors" labelFor="combobox-id" />
  <ComboBox
    id="combobox-id"
    placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
    options={[
      'Chocolate',
      'Vanilla',
      'Strawberry',
      'Caramel',
      'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
      'Cookies and Cream',
      'Coconut',
      'Peppermint'
    ]} />

```jsx
  <FieldLabel label="Ice Cream Flavors" labelFor="combobox-id" />
  <ComboBox
    id="combobox-id"
    placeholder="For example: Vanilla"
    options={[
      'Chocolate',
      'Vanilla',
      'Strawberry',
      'Caramel',
      'Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough',
      'Cookies and Cream',
      'Coconut',
      'Peppermint'
    ]} />
```
