documentation/content/components/Link.mdx, before:

import Link from '@react/react-spectrum/Link';

## Overview

**Links** are words or phrases presented in-line with other strings of text that users can click or tap to go to a new page. Links can follow any of the character styles defined in Spectrum and can be used over backgrounds as well.

## Example

<Link href="#">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>

```jsx
<Link href="#">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
```

## Variants

### Quiet

In addition to the default usage of Link, Spectrum provides another variant 'quiet' which can be passed to 'variant' prop.

<Link href="#" variant="quiet">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>

```jsx
<Link href="#" variant="quiet">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
```

### Over Background

When a link needs to be placed on top of a colored background or a visual, we use the over background link. This link uses a white opaque color instead of a blue color(standard) and stands out from the rest of the text with the addition of an underline.

<div style={{
    backgroundColor: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    color: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    padding: '15px 20px'
  }}>
<Link href="#" variant="overBackground">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
</div>

```jsx
<div style={{
    backgroundColor: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    color: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    padding: '15px 20px'
  }}>
<Link href="#" variant="overBackground">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
</div>
```

## Internationalization

To internationalize a link, a localized string should be passed as a child.

## Accessibility

Links are accessible by default. The correct aria roles will automatically be applied.

Commit message:

#271/RSP-697 [Accessibility][Documentation] Link: add generic href with onClick prop but no href (#272)

documentation/content/components/Link.mdx, after:

import Link from '@react/react-spectrum/Link';

## Overview

**Links** are words or phrases presented in-line with other strings of text that users can click or tap to go to a new page. Links can follow any of the character styles defined in Spectrum and can be used over backgrounds as well.

## Example

<Link href="#">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>

```jsx
<Link href="#">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
```

## Variants

### Quiet

In addition to the default usage of Link, Spectrum provides another variant 'quiet' which can be passed to 'variant' prop.

<Link href="#" variant="quiet">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>

```jsx
<Link href="#" variant="quiet">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
```

### Over Background

When a link needs to be placed on top of a colored background or a visual, we use the over background link. This link uses a white opaque color instead of a blue color(standard) and stands out from the rest of the text with the addition of an underline.

<div style={{
    backgroundColor: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    color: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    padding: '15px 20px'
  }}>
<Link href="#" variant="overBackground">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
</div>

```jsx
<div style={{
    backgroundColor: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    color: 'rgb(15, 121, 125)',
    padding: '15px 20px'
  }}>
<Link href="#" variant="overBackground">
This is a React Spectrum Link
</Link>
</div>
```

## Internationalization

To internationalize a link, a localized string should be passed as a child.

## Accessibility

A Link inherits accessibility from the HTML `<a>` tag. With an `href` property,
it's accessibility role will be exposed to assistive technology as a "link".
While it is recommended that a Link be used appropriately for navigation to a new page or document location,
to simplify accessibility implementation, when a Link has an `onClick` event handler but lacks an `href`
the Link will render using a generic `href="#"` and `preventDefault` will be called on the event if the
default is not already prevented.

### onClick with no href

<Link onClick={e => console.log(`clicked "${e.target.textContent}" Link`)}>
I forgot my password
</Link>

```jsx
<Link onClick={e => console.log(`clicked "${e.target.textContent}" Link`)}>
I forgot my password
</Link>
```
