documentation/content/components/ModalTrigger.mdx, before:

import Button from '@react/react-spectrum/Button';
import Datepicker from '@react/react-spectrum/Datepicker';
import Dialog from '@react/react-spectrum/Dialog';
import ModalTrigger from '@react/react-spectrum/ModalTrigger';

## Overview

**ModalTriggers** are used to open a modal on button trigger for instance.

## Example

<ModalTrigger>
  <Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modaltrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <span>
    the modal dialog content goes here
    </span>
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>

```jsx
<ModalTrigger>
<Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modaltrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <span>
    the modal dialog content goes here
    </span>
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>
```

## Variants

ModalTriggers can have `nested popovers` as well as shown in the example below.

<ModalTrigger>
  <Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modalTrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <Datepicker type="time" placeholder="Choose a time" autoFocus />
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>

```jsx
<ModalTrigger>
  <Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modalTrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <Datepicker type="time" placeholder="Choose a time" autoFocus />
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>
```

## Handling Events

Events handlers for close, cancel and confirm can be provided to the `Dialog` component. For more information please visit the `Dialog` component documentation.

## Internationalization

To internationalize a modaltrigger, a localized string should be passed to the `label` prop of its child buttons, or to the `title` prop of its child Dialogs.

## Accessibility

ModalTriggers are accessible by default. The correct aria roles will automatically be applied.

Commit message:

RSP-700 [Accessibility][Documentation] ModalTrigger (#297)
Correct accessibility documentation for ModalTrigger control.

documentation/content/components/ModalTrigger.mdx, after:

import Button from '@react/react-spectrum/Button';
import Datepicker from '@react/react-spectrum/Datepicker';
import Dialog from '@react/react-spectrum/Dialog';
import ModalTrigger from '@react/react-spectrum/ModalTrigger';

## Overview

**ModalTriggers** are used to open a modal on button trigger for instance.

## Example

<ModalTrigger>
  <Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modaltrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <span>
    the modal dialog content goes here
    </span>
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>

```jsx
<ModalTrigger>
<Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modaltrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    the modal dialog content goes here
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>
```

## Variants

ModalTriggers can have `nested popovers` as well as shown in the example below.

<ModalTrigger>
  <Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modalTrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <Datepicker type="time" placeholder="Choose a time" autoFocus />
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>

```jsx
<ModalTrigger>
  <Button label="Click Me" variant="primary" modalTrigger />
  <Dialog
    modalContent
    title="The title"
    confirmLabel="Do it"
    size="S"
    cancelLabel="close">
    <Datepicker type="time" placeholder="Choose a time" autoFocus />
  </Dialog>
</ModalTrigger>
```

## Handling Events

Events handlers for close, cancel and confirm can be provided to the `Dialog` component. For more information please visit the [Dialog](/components/Dialog) component documentation.

## Internationalization

To internationalize a ModalTrigger, a localized string should be passed to the `label` prop of its child buttons, or to the `title` prop of its child Dialogs.

## Accessibility

The ModalTrigger component, typically used with the [Dialog](/components/Dialog) component, implements the [Dialog (Modal) design pattern, per WAI-ARIA 1.1](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#dialog_modal).

The ModalTrigger automatically hides content behind the dialog from screen readers while open, blocks scrolling of the page, and moves focus to the modal.
ModalTrigger will automatically close the dialog when the user presses the <kbd>Escape</kbd> key.
When the dialog closes, keyboard focus will be restored to the element that had focus when the dialog opened.
