documentation/content/components/Progress.mdx, before:

import Progress from '@react/react-spectrum/Progress';

## Overview

A **progress bar** represents the progress of a task. Progress bars in Spectrum have variations in terms of size and have the `value` prop signifying the state/progress of the task.

## Example

<Progress value={50}/>

```jsx
<Progress value={50}/>
```

## Variants
### Sizing

There are a couple of variants to choose from in Spectrum in trems of size. The `size` prop controls the width of the bar, with `M` being the default.

<Progress size="S" value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress size="S" value={50} />
```

<Progress size="M" value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress size="M" value={50} />
```

### Progress Status
Different progress statuses that change the bar's color are also avaliable as variants.

<Progress value={30} variant="positive" />

```jsx
<Progress value={30} variant="positive" />
```

<Progress value={60} variant="warning" />

```jsx
<Progress value={60} variant="warning" />
```

<Progress value={90} variant="critical" />

```jsx
<Progress value={90} variant="critical" />
```

## Content

Progress bars can have a label, and percentage, or both. A percentage progression of the task is provided by passing a `showPercent` prop, which is false by default. A label can be provided through the `label` prop. In addition to this, the label position can also be controlled via the prop `labelPosition`, with left as the default value.

<Progress showPercent value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress showPercent value={50} />
```

<Progress label="React" value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress label="React" value={50} />
```

### Label Position

<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="left"
  value={50}
/>

```jsx
<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="left"
  value={50}
/>
```

<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="top"
  value={50}
/>

```jsx
<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="top"
  value={50}
/>
```

## States

Progress bars have the `value` prop which showcases the state/progress of the bar. The `value` takes a number between 0 - 100, with 0 as the default value signifying 0 progress and 100 signifying that the task is completed.

<Progress showPercent />

```jsx
<Progress />
```

<Progress value={50} showPercent />

```jsx
<Progress value={50} />
```

<Progress value={100} showPercent />

```jsx
<Progress value={100} />
```


## Internationalization

To internationalize a progress bar, a localized string should be passed to the `label` prop of the progress component.

## Accessibility

Progress bars are made accessible by using any of the label, aria-label or aria-labelledby prop.

```jsx
<Progress aria-labelledby="hello" />
```

Commit message:

(RSP-403) Adding overBackground to Progress component (#564)
* Adding overBackground prop to Progress component

* Adding docs for overBackground for Progress component

* Changing Progress overBackground to be set via a variant prop

documentation/content/components/Progress.mdx, after:

import Progress from '@react/react-spectrum/Progress';

## Overview

A **progress bar** represents the progress of a task. Progress bars in Spectrum have variations in terms of size and have the `value` prop signifying the state/progress of the task.

## Example

<Progress value={50}/>

```jsx
<Progress value={50}/>
```

## Variants
### Sizing

There are a couple of variants to choose from in Spectrum in terms of size. The `size` prop controls the width of the bar, with `M` being the default.

<Progress size="S" value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress size="S" value={50} />
```

<Progress size="M" value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress size="M" value={50} />
```

Additionally you may specify `variant="overBackground"` if your progress bar is over some background color.

<div style={{
  'width': '250px',
  'height': '60px',
  'background-color': 'rgba(0,0,0,0.4)',
  'display': 'flex',
  'align-items': 'center',
  'justify-content': 'center'}}>
  <Progress variant="overBackground" value={50} />
</div>

```jsx
<Progress variant="overBackground" value={50} />
```

### Progress Status
Different progress statuses that change the bar's color are also avaliable as variants.

<Progress value={30} variant="positive" />

```jsx
<Progress value={30} variant="positive" />
```

<Progress value={60} variant="warning" />

```jsx
<Progress value={60} variant="warning" />
```

<Progress value={90} variant="critical" />

```jsx
<Progress value={90} variant="critical" />
```

## Content

Progress bars can have a label, and percentage, or both. A percentage progression of the task is provided by passing a `showPercent` prop, which is false by default. A label can be provided through the `label` prop. In addition to this, the label position can also be controlled via the prop `labelPosition`, with left as the default value.

<Progress showPercent value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress showPercent value={50} />
```

<Progress label="React" value={50} />

```jsx
<Progress label="React" value={50} />
```

### Label Position

<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="left"
  value={50}
/>

```jsx
<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="left"
  value={50}
/>
```

<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="top"
  value={50}
/>

```jsx
<Progress
  label="React"
  showPercent
  labelPosition="top"
  value={50}
/>
```

## States

Progress bars have the `value` prop which showcases the state/progress of the bar. The `value` takes a number between 0 - 100, with 0 as the default value signifying 0 progress and 100 signifying that the task is completed.

<Progress showPercent />

```jsx
<Progress />
```

<Progress value={50} showPercent />

```jsx
<Progress value={50} />
```

<Progress value={100} showPercent />

```jsx
<Progress value={100} />
```


## Internationalization

To internationalize a progress bar, a localized string should be passed to the `label` prop of the progress component.

## Accessibility

Progress bars are made accessible by using any of the label, aria-label or aria-labelledby prop.

```jsx
<Progress aria-labelledby="hello" />
```
