documentation/content/components/Radio.mdx, before:

import Radio from '@react/react-spectrum/Radio';


## Overview

A **Radio button** allow users to select/deselect a particular option. It can be checked or unchecked depending on the user needs.

## Example

<Radio label="React" />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" />
```

## Content

Radio Buttons can have a label or not. A label describes what the button represents, and tell users what to do. This is important for accessibility, since a screen reader will read the label before each option. A label can be provided to the radio button through the `label` prop.

### Label Set

<Radio label="React" />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" />
```

### Label Not Set

<Radio label="" aria-label="React" />

```jsx
<Radio label="" aria-label="React" />
```

## Variants

### Standard Radio Buttons

Standard radio buttons are the default style for radio buttons. The blue color provides a visual prominence that is optimal for forms, settings, etc. where the radio buttons need to be noticed.

<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />
```

### Quiet Radio Buttons

Standard checkboxes are the default style for checkboxes. The blue color provides a visual prominence that is optimal for forms, settings, lists or grids of assets, etc. where the checkboxes need to be noticed.

<Radio label="React" defaultChecked quiet />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked quiet />
```

## States

Radio buttons have a number of props for controlling their visual/checked state. The `disabled` prop, which applies a disabled style to the button, and also prevents clicks from activating it. The 'checked' prop is also available to apply a checked appearance to the radio button. In addition to this 'defaultChecked' and 'invalid' prop is also provided.

<Radio label="React" disabled />
<Radio label="React" checked={false} />
<Radio label="React" checked />
<Radio label="React" invalid />
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" disabled />
<Radio label="React" checked={false} />
<Radio label="React" checked />
<Radio label="React" invalid />
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />
```

## Handling Events

Events handlers for change can be registered on a `Radio Button` as shown below.

```jsx
<Radio label="ClickMe" onChange={e => alert('Radio Button clicked!')} />
```

<Radio label="ClickMe" onChange={e => alert('Radio Button clicked!')} />

## Internationalization

To internationalize a radio button, a localized string should be passed to the `label` prop of the radio button.

## Accessibility

Radio buttons are accessible by default. The correct aria roles will automatically be applied. For radio buttons with no labels set, an alternative label should be provided using the `aria-label` prop.

```jsx
<Radio label="" aria-label="React" />
```

Commit message:

Add doc entry for Radio labelbelow prop (#512)

documentation/content/components/Radio.mdx, after:

import Radio from '@react/react-spectrum/Radio';


## Overview

A **Radio button** allow users to select/deselect a particular option. It can be checked or unchecked depending on the user needs.

## Example

<Radio label="React" />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" />
```

## Content

Radio Buttons can have a label or not. A label describes what the button represents, and tell users what to do. This is important for accessibility, since a screen reader will read the label before each option. A label can be provided to the radio button through the `label` prop.

### Label Set

<Radio label="React" />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" />
```

### Label Not Set

<Radio label="" aria-label="React" />

```jsx
<Radio label="" aria-label="React" />
```

## Variants

### Standard Radio Buttons

Standard radio buttons are the default style for radio buttons. The blue color provides a visual prominence that is optimal for forms, settings, etc. where the radio buttons need to be noticed.

<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />
```

### Quiet Radio Buttons

Standard checkboxes are the default style for checkboxes. The blue color provides a visual prominence that is optimal for forms, settings, lists or grids of assets, etc. where the checkboxes need to be noticed.

<Radio label="React" defaultChecked quiet />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked quiet />
```

### Alignment

#### Labels Below

The button label can either be adjacent (default) or below the button. The latter can be achieved via the 'labelBelow' prop.

<Radio label="React" labelBelow />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" labelBelow />
```

## States

Radio buttons have a number of props for controlling their visual/checked state. The `disabled` prop, which applies a disabled style to the button, and also prevents clicks from activating it. The 'checked' prop is also available to apply a checked appearance to the radio button. In addition to this 'defaultChecked' and 'invalid' prop is also provided.

<Radio label="React" disabled />
<Radio label="React" checked={false} />
<Radio label="React" checked />
<Radio label="React" invalid />
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />

```jsx
<Radio label="React" disabled />
<Radio label="React" checked={false} />
<Radio label="React" checked />
<Radio label="React" invalid />
<Radio label="React" defaultChecked />
```

## Handling Events

Events handlers for change can be registered on a `Radio Button` as shown below.

```jsx
<Radio label="ClickMe" onChange={e => alert('Radio Button clicked!')} />
```

<Radio label="ClickMe" onChange={e => alert('Radio Button clicked!')} />

## Internationalization

To internationalize a radio button, a localized string should be passed to the `label` prop of the radio button.

## Accessibility

Radio buttons are accessible by default. The correct aria roles will automatically be applied. For radio buttons with no labels set, an alternative label should be provided using the `aria-label` prop.

```jsx
<Radio label="" aria-label="React" />
```
