documentation/content/components/SelectList.mdx, before:

import SelectList from '@react/react-spectrum/SelectList';

## Overview

## Example

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
/>
```

## Multiple

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  multiple
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  multiple
/>
```

## Disabled

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  disabled
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  disabled
/>
```

## Events

### onChange

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  onChange={e => alert(e)}
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  onChange={e => alert(e)}
/>
```

Commit message:

[RSP-736] Add renderItem prop for custom menu item rendering for Autocomplete, ComboBox, SelectList, and Select (#488)
* RSP-736 [Accessibility] Autocomplete/Combobox: Throws error when label is HTML or React

A use case for a ComboBox from which to select a time duration, like “08:00” for “8 hours”. The challenge with this, from an accessibility standpoint, is to ensure that a screen reader announces the value as a duration, rather than as a time value like “8 o’clock”. The theoretically appropriate HTML element for this purpose is the <time> element using a valid ISO 8601 Duration as the datetime attribute. (I say theoretically, because assistive technology support for the <time> element does little more than announce the <time> element’s text content at this point, so adding an aria-label to the element is also necessary).

Fix by adding `renderItem` prop to specify a wrapper method for rendering the item label.

documentation/content/components/SelectList.mdx, after:

import SelectList from '@react/react-spectrum/SelectList';

## Overview

## Example

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
/>
```

## Multiple

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  multiple
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  multiple
/>
```

## Disabled

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  disabled
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  disabled
/>
```

## renderItem

You can use the `renderItem` prop to customize the rendering of the items displayed in the dropdown.
This is useful in case custom props are needed for styling or accessibility, or using a semantic
element for the type of data being displayed (e.g. `<time>`).

```jsx
<SelectList
  {/* ... */}
  renderItem={item => <time {/* ... */}>{item}</time>} />
```

## Events

### onChange

<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  onChange={e => alert(e)}
/>

```jsx
<SelectList
  label="React"
  placeholder="Enter Text..."
  options={[{label: "Chocolate", value: "chocolate"}, {label: "Vanilla", value: "vanilla"},
           {label: "Strawberry", value: "strawberry"}, {label: "Caramel", value: "caramel"},
           {label: "Cookies and Cream", value: "cookiesandcream"}, {label: "Peppermint", value: "peppermint"},
           {label: "Some crazy long value that should be cut off", value: "longval"}]}
  onChange={e => alert(e)}
/>
```
