documentation/content/components/Select.mdx, before:

import Select from '@react/react-spectrum/Select';

## Overview

The **Select** component, used along with one or more options, creates a drop-down list of options.

Read more: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_select.asp

## Example

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
/>

## Variants

### Quiet

The `quiet` prop applies a quiet appearance to the button. We can apply `multiple`, `disabled`, `value` props as well with quiet to give the specifc appearances.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  quiet
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  quiet
/>
```

### Required

This prop enforces the user to select at least one option from the list.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  required
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  required
/>
```

### Stay open on select

By default the popover list closes when a new value is selected. However, if we want the list to remain open we can achieve this by passing a `false` value to `closeOnSelect` prop.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  closeOnSelect={false}
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  closeOnSelect={false}
/>
```

## Content

The various items are provided as an array to the `options` prop as shown below. `Placeholder` prop is available to provide a placeholder the Select component. Select in Spectum can have a default value(uncontrolled) or value(controlled) to give the component an initial selected value. To support multiple selection of items we have the `multiple` prop.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  value="logVal"
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  value="logVal"
/>
```

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  placeholder="other placeholder"
  defaultValue="vanilla"
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  placeholder="other placeholder"
  defaultValue="vanilla"
/>
```

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  multiple
  defaultValue={['chocolate','vanilla','logVal']}
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  multiple
  defaultValue={['chocolate','vanilla','logVal']}
/>
```

## States

`Select` has a number of props for controlling its visual state. It supports the `disabled` prop, which applies a disabled style to the component, and also prevents clicks from activating it. It also support the `invalid` prop to apply an invalid appearance to the select component.

### Invalid

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  invalid
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  invalid
/>
```

### Disabled

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  disabled
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  disabled
/>
```

## Handling Events

Events handlers for change, open and close can be registered on a `Select` component as shown below.

<Select
  onChange={e => console.log(e, 'changed')}
  onOpen={e => console.log(e, 'opened')}
  onClose={e => console.log(e, 'closed')}
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
/>

```jsx
<Select
  onChange={e => console.log(e, 'changed')}
  onOpen={e => console.log(e, 'opened')}
  onClose={e => console.log(e, 'closed')}
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
/>
```

## Internationalization

To internationalize a select, localized strings should be passed to the `label` field of the options prop.

## Accessibility

Select component is accessible by default. The correct aria roles will automatically be applied.

Commit message:

[RSP-736] Add renderItem prop for custom menu item rendering for Autocomplete, ComboBox, SelectList, and Select (#488)
* RSP-736 [Accessibility] Autocomplete/Combobox: Throws error when label is HTML or React

A use case for a ComboBox from which to select a time duration, like “08:00” for “8 hours”. The challenge with this, from an accessibility standpoint, is to ensure that a screen reader announces the value as a duration, rather than as a time value like “8 o’clock”. The theoretically appropriate HTML element for this purpose is the <time> element using a valid ISO 8601 Duration as the datetime attribute. (I say theoretically, because assistive technology support for the <time> element does little more than announce the <time> element’s text content at this point, so adding an aria-label to the element is also necessary).

Fix by adding `renderItem` prop to specify a wrapper method for rendering the item label.

documentation/content/components/Select.mdx, after:

import Select from '@react/react-spectrum/Select';

## Overview

The **Select** component, used along with one or more options, creates a drop-down list of options.

Read more: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/tag_select.asp

## Example

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
/>

## Variants

### Quiet

The `quiet` prop applies a quiet appearance to the button. We can apply `multiple`, `disabled`, `value` props as well with quiet to give the specifc appearances.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  quiet
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  quiet
/>
```

### Required

This prop enforces the user to select at least one option from the list.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  required
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  required
/>
```

### Stay open on select

By default the popover list closes when a new value is selected. However, if we want the list to remain open we can achieve this by passing a `false` value to `closeOnSelect` prop.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  closeOnSelect={false}
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  closeOnSelect={false}
/>
```

## Content

The various items are provided as an array to the `options` prop as shown below. `Placeholder` prop is available to provide a placeholder the Select component. Select in Spectum can have a default value(uncontrolled) or value(controlled) to give the component an initial selected value. To support multiple selection of items we have the `multiple` prop.

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  value="logVal"
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  value="logVal"
/>
```

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  placeholder="other placeholder"
  defaultValue="vanilla"
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  placeholder="other placeholder"
  defaultValue="vanilla"
/>
```

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  multiple
  defaultValue={['chocolate','vanilla','logVal']}
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'},
    {label: 'Some crazy long value that should be cut off', value: 'logVal'}
  ]}
  multiple
  defaultValue={['chocolate','vanilla','logVal']}
/>
```

### renderItem

You can use the `renderItem` prop to customize the rendering of the items displayed in the dropdown.
This is useful in case custom props are needed for styling or accessibility, or using a semantic
element for the type of data being displayed (e.g. `<time>`).

```jsx
<Select
  {/* ... */}
  renderItem={item => <time {/* ... */}>{item}</time>} />
```

## States

`Select` has a number of props for controlling its visual state. It supports the `disabled` prop, which applies a disabled style to the component, and also prevents clicks from activating it. It also support the `invalid` prop to apply an invalid appearance to the select component.

### Invalid

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  invalid
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  invalid
/>
```

### Disabled

<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  disabled
/>

```jsx
<Select
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
  disabled
/>
```

## Handling Events

Events handlers for change, open and close can be registered on a `Select` component as shown below.

<Select
  onChange={e => console.log(e, 'changed')}
  onOpen={e => console.log(e, 'opened')}
  onClose={e => console.log(e, 'closed')}
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
/>

```jsx
<Select
  onChange={e => console.log(e, 'changed')}
  onOpen={e => console.log(e, 'opened')}
  onClose={e => console.log(e, 'closed')}
  options={[
    {label: 'Chocolate',value: 'chocolate'},
    {label: 'Vanilla',value: 'vanilla'},
    {label: 'Strawberry',value: 'strawberry'}
  ]}
/>
```

## Internationalization

To internationalize a select, localized strings should be passed to the `label` field of the options prop.

## Accessibility

Select component is accessible by default. The correct aria roles will automatically be applied.
